doc/stdenv: clarify default check target (#212642)
NixOS/nixpkgs: doc/stdenv/stdenv.chapter.md

### The check phase {#ssec-check-phase}

> The check phase checks whether the package was built correctly by running its test suite. The default `checkPhase` calls `make $checkTarget`, but only if the `doCheck` variable is enabled (see below).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The check phase checks whether the package was built correctly by running its test suite. The default `checkPhase` calls `make $checkTarget`, but only if the [`doCheck` variable](#var-stdenv-doCheck) is enabled.
```

Since below or above may change and are not necessarily valid concepts in web documents to begin with, please just use a link.

##### `checkTarget` {#var-stdenv-checkTarget}

> The make target that runs the tests. Defaults to `check` if it exists, otherwise `test`; if neither is found, do nothing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Make target that runs the tests.
By default, use `check` if it exists, otherwise `test`; if neither is found, do nothing.
```

Capitalising the software project name helps distinguish it from the verb. I'm also fine with using `make`. The second sentence confused me, because it switched subjects after the semicolon. The variable *defaults* to something, but whatever uses it *does* something.

It would be worthwhile to note what happens if the target one specifies explicitly does not exist.
